well let's take ap - ap
in his robots way
for him and to know what
First of all, the legs will follow their tail
the legs of the tyrannosaurus hands on the arms of the robot and the body of the
robot and head are stuck in this part
of the tyrannosaurus
what will we open up
to come out
that space
good first thing to do
well from here behind
open him
The tail
this way
match it
Here, we can not comment on these arrogant
that behind the legs
this way
because there is a hole
and connects
the same thing we do here
stressed
the next step
these panels of the parties
you have to separate them and little
in this way
and roofs
backwards
A) Yes
Jack
thus
we inform the feet these panels stay up
sears legs
little
This is what we have
the next step is simply April
This parts
melzer the little hands inside
throwing everything back
thus
for his abundant love camera azkar ap
yes
it would be
that feels like it's going up the whole torso
until capital
very clear
and we can already
percent
attach all these parts that stay here behind
the head by lennox jam
here on the back
I do not know if you see there
a pekin pivot to a jarrito
you have to click
and later
second
country like this
then head up down and you have 4 dollars clark
and stays in Spain
and here in front
we can only
prepare your arms
the arms do them this way
this is at the feet of the tyrannosaur
were made
the claw closes
and go hand in hand
and the arm
you have to put it
all this to Cuba inside the museum but from the thigh with this case the
forearm
you have to do a lot of strength
true but
in this week same
we turn
we close the bar
the first hand
and now take photos
that is the goal
i
we have
ben block in mode
roatán
ace
to recompose
your weapon
and there would be activists
2 exporters
your texts
this station
and so it would be
for pleasure
to take the first
to his way of seeing rex tyrannosaurs
we are going to remove the sword
toast fire first thing
end it starts
the arms fragment
is the high the legs of the tyrannosaur
open open hands
and it turns
we open our hands
And simple
we already have the feet there
we have to take out
all this part
Leg
finally with this
you have to be strong hanks
if we let ourselves go
min the interests fit all this part of the back
what's wrong with it
the pivots so I grew up with only twice the first
backward
and the second one up
we open
the little hands
of the tyrannosaurus
for we have to lower the entire torso until here clear
friendship
we lower our heads
we close
these peace packages on plate and so we have lists
vigorous cup that is happening with the contacts although if nothing
this is what we have so far the next step are the legs
we go
make them
let's take out these panels
so after all we can
we have to connect the pivot posts
so strong
and we fold them up
with a little care and I took
and they have to fit in here
an eyelash that have scientific exams one on each side and they have
what to do
acp can come acz
schürrer
our world
the danger asq
there 1
and there the other
they are pretty hard
you have to be contacted
the only thing that we have left now
are the two halves in the tail that separate from akin
Efe that detention how to say it 0
connected
we put poison legs in place
and here you have
now for example that a tyrannosaurus rex mode
acp